cani
me
Hyde mode and finally plane-based chip number 2014 3rd's story has been released
So the second part of 2014
It will be called
Mr. Fukuhara could not get it, but it is still difficult to take in the video because it is quite a painful part
The raised
Eyoshi Yoshi introduced cards other than Fukuhara
I want to finish the 2 bullets
It will start third da from this video now
3rd is still something always in the same feeling as the
It is orange color of this bag is
Card bag color is it is it yes So after all also now gorgeous golden
Changing card
Comes with players and their players
Yes I bought this bag this time and I will open it right away
Yes it is a city bag name This time is quite limited in the online limited edition
It seems like it will end soon because it has been done
You should not be off guard at home
If you think yes, nothing is taken away
I have all the carpane
I wonder if I stained also Hui method
I will check the picture card later
Yes 2 bags eyes of you or golden guess it is cool
It is an o check list
tree Huh # 8
Plan child
I have it
It's time to make a person's egg
It is black when entering
Hmmm
Oh Jon'u'
I wonder if it will be difficult to go to Kyon
The Paulo
It is a player after Wakura Cheetah Cuts
I have this
effect
Bit
I'm really selling out straight about this year , so I 'll sell about Yabai
Yes it is the fourth bag
A little a do
A player whose mouth
The back-pass glial
I hope parentheses
This may have bent underground is I Oh Oh hey issued in Gris Elster card
Ahh.
The opponent is sloppy and star date
Hmm
The
ｰｰｰｰ angle in which came whoa
The star card flag has been collected
Hmm
This is also a star card fishy
Willow
Oh came to the West is which way do
No matter
I'm happy because I have two
But this was sideways in the online limited edition
Corner number is not not the Do not Do black of wacker or Narushiba's and threw a line archive 3rd or out of
Yes, I said this last on the Data Star card , but I would like to introduce it.
I will
You 're a corner player and a willow player
The first time such a feeling both memorable contains sounds good butter in the left batter
have become
Well, 2 bullets were disappointing, but now we change feelings already and 3 bullets
I will do my best aiming at the comp Well, the road will continue from now on, everyone
If you like it please check it and see how it will end
I will be here
Click on the cat image and jump to the registration screen
Thank you for watching